mistress of vernacular
bewilder to confuse or puzzle completely
the root of the word bewilder can be
traced back to the old english word wild
which was used to refer to something
that was in a natural state uncultivated
or undomesticated over time the word
wild was often linked to the old english
word day or day or which was derived
from an early indo-european root that
meant breathe was initially used to
describe any untamed animal or beast
this eventually morphed into the modern
word deer meaning a ruminant of the
family server died the two old english
words when mashed together became
wilderness meaning a tract of
uncultivated land primarily inhabited by
undomesticated beasts from the word
wilderness the word wilder was born to
Wilder someone was to lead him astray or
lure him into the woods in the 1600s the
prefix B meaning thoroughly was
compounded with Wilder as a way of
tacking on a little extra punch someone
who was bewildered was thoroughly lost
in the wild from this winding background
bewilder eventually evolved into our
current definition to be completely
confused
you